PDP supports videos OOTB (#741)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/product-details/functions.mdx

}
```

### Video

> The `Video` interface represents a product video returned as part of the `ProductModel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Video` interface defines the shape of a product video object returned as part of the `ProductModel`.
```
